**PROBLEM DEFINITION**

The mobile meds reminder app is designed to help people with their problems. 
The problem is the need for a simple app that helps people stick to their medication schedules. 
Some people need this because of their health conditions. The biggest issue is that patients often forget or struggle to take their medication because the schedule and doses are too complicated.
This is especially hard for people with chronic illnesses like autism, schizophrenia, or bipolar disorder, as they tend to miss more medication during flare-ups of their conditions. 

  

The contribution towards the theme of this problem is in the field of management of health care along with individualization of care.
Since adherence to medication is important for the course of treatment and health in general, the target audience of a nice functional application could be very beneficial for users.
In a case where people would create an account on the app indicating the diseases they are suffering from, medicines assigned to such conditions, the amounts of such medicines, when to collect them, the app would send notify for the collection of medicines where applicable. 

 

The application does not only provide these basic reminders. It also has capabilities that address autism, schizophrenia, and Bipolar people to have some strategies in place when they are experiencing episodes.
The application would allow for example crisis management tools that address mental health and easily acquiring resources for that matter and provision of additional information such as pictures or text messaging that helps users through the hard times. 

 

In sum, this problem definition highlights a very sensible and relevant well-grounded solution targeting the issue of personalized medication compliance. 
With clear user assumptions and the presence of additional features for people suffering from severe mental illness, the app can help to mobilize prescription compliance and increase health status. 
